com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/LiquidMetal.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.LiquidMetal
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.LiquidMetal$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.LiquidMetal$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/BruteSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.BruteSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Corrosion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Corrosion
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfWealth.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfWealth
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfWealth$Wealth
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Web.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Web
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretArtilleryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretArtilleryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfHealing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfHealing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/FireImbue.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.FireImbue
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/Pot.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.Pot
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfFlock.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfFlock
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndResurrect.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndResurrect
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndResurrect$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndResurrect$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndResurrect$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndResurrect$4
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndHeroInfo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$ArmorAbilityInfoTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$ArmorAbilityInfoTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$HeroInfoTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$SubclassInfoTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$SubclassInfoTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHeroInfo$TalentInfoTab
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ShopkeeperSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ShopkeeperSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/Food.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Food
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Food$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Food$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/ConnectionRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.ConnectionRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/SparkParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SparkParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SparkParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SparkParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/warrior/Endure.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.warrior.Endure
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.warrior.Endure$EndureTracker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/SandalsOfNature.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.SandalsOfNature
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.SandalsOfNature$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.SandalsOfNature$Naturalism
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/BatSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.BatSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfInvisibility.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfInvisibility
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Shadows.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Shadows
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Statue.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Statue
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/StripedRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.StripedRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfDragonsBreath.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDragonsBreath
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDragonsBreath$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDragonsBreath$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDragonsBreath$1$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDragonsBreath$1$2$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Acidic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Acidic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/WraithSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.WraithSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/MeatPie.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.MeatPie
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.MeatPie$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/keys/Key.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.keys.Key
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Berserk.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Berserk
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Berserk$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Berserk$State
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Gloves.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Gloves
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Snake.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Snake
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/WoollyBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.WoollyBomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/PurpleParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PurpleParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PurpleParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PurpleParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/RatKingSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.RatKingSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/EnhancedRings.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.EnhancedRings
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Wound.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Wound
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/BeaconOfReturning.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.BeaconOfReturning
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.BeaconOfReturning$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.BeaconOfReturning$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/BuffIcon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BuffIcon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/CircleBasinRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.CircleBasinRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfToxicGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfToxicGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SheepSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SheepSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/SmokeScreen.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.SmokeScreen
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Compass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Compass
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bags/CoolerBox.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.CoolerBox
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/EPDAction.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.EPDAction
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Bandit.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Bandit
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/BuffIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BuffIndicator
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BuffIndicator$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BuffIndicator$BuffButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/RatKing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.RatKing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.RatKing$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.RatKing$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/CausticSlimeSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.CausticSlimeSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/SpiritBow.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.SpiritBow
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.SpiritBow$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.SpiritBow$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.SpiritBow$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.SpiritBow$SpiritArrow
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.SpiritBow$SpiritArrow$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.SpiritBow$SpiritArrow$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/FrostImbue.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.FrostImbue
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/UndeadSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.UndeadSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GhostSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GhostSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfEnchantment.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfEnchantment
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfEnchantment$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfEnchantment$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfEnchantment$1$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/EnergyParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.EnergyParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.EnergyParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/ConfusionTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.ConfusionTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Projecting.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Projecting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/LloydsBeacon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.LloydsBeacon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.LloydsBeacon$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.LloydsBeacon$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.LloydsBeacon$beaconRecharge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Potential.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Potential
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_8_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_8_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Regeneration.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Regeneration
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/StatueSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.StatueSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ItemSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ItemSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ItemSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ItemSprite$Glowing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfTransfusion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfTransfusion
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/WarHammer.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.WarHammer
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/CellEmitter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.CellEmitter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/ChampionEnemy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ChampionEnemy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ChampionEnemy$AntiMagic
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ChampionEnemy$Blazing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ChampionEnemy$Blessed
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ChampionEnemy$Giant
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ChampionEnemy$Growing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ChampionEnemy$Projecting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/features/Maze.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Maze
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Quarterstaff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Quarterstaff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/LeatherArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.LeatherArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/PillarsRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.PillarsRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Sorrowmoss.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Sorrowmoss
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Sorrowmoss$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/ParalyticDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.ParalyticDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/ItemSlot.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ItemSlot
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ItemSlot$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ItemSlot$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ItemSlot$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ItemSlot$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ItemSlot$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ItemSlot$6
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/InventorySpell.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.InventorySpell
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.InventorySpell$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Terror.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Terror
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/EmoIcon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.EmoIcon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.EmoIcon$Alert
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.EmoIcon$Lost
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.EmoIcon$Sleep
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndTownShopOptions.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShopOptions
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShopOptions$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShopOptions$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShopOptions$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShopOptions$3$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Slime.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Slime
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/CheckBox.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.CheckBox
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/HallwayRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.HallwayRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndTitledMessage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTitledMessage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Stylus.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Stylus
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Stylus$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/RatSkull.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.RatSkull
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/EquipableItem.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.EquipableItem
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/PrismaticGuard.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.PrismaticGuard
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/SnowParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SnowParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SnowParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/FrozenCarpaccio.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.FrozenCarpaccio
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/RiggedTarot.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot$2$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot$rogueCard
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot$tarotRecharge
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.RiggedTarot$timeCard
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/huntress/SpectralBlades.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.huntress.SpectralBlades
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.huntress.SpectralBlades$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Senior.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Senior
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/SmallRation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.SmallRation
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndStartGame.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$2$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$HeroBtn
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$HeroPane
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$HeroPane$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$HeroPane$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$HeroPane$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStartGame$HeroPane$4
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/KingSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.KingSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/ArmorAbility.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.ArmorAbility
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.ArmorAbility$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/HeroIcon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.HeroIcon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/JuiceMixer.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.JuiceMixer
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.JuiceMixer$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/WildEnergy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.WildEnergy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.WildEnergy$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.WildEnergy$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/DisintegrationTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.DisintegrationTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/ArcaneArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ArcaneArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/GamesInProgress.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.GamesInProgress
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.GamesInProgress$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.GamesInProgress$Info
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/ArtifactRecharge.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ArtifactRecharge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Barkskin.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Barkskin
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Tomato.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Tomato
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/BossHealthBar.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BossHealthBar
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/WaterOfHealth.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.WaterOfHealth
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/AnkhInvulnerability.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.AnkhInvulnerability
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Stormvine.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Stormvine
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Stormvine$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/drink/Milk.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.drink.Milk
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.drink.Milk$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.drink.Milk$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Chains.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Chains
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Longsword.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Longsword
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/HoldFast.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.HoldFast
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/AlbinoSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.AlbinoSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/ScrollPane.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ScrollPane
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ScrollPane$PointerController
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/StorageRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.StorageRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndWishing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWishing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWishing$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWishing$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ElementalSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ElementalSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ElementalSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ElementalSprite$Chaos
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ElementalSprite$Fire
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ElementalSprite$Frost
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ElementalSprite$NewbornFire
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ElementalSprite$Shock
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/messages/Messages.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.messages.Messages
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/PrisonBossLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel$ExitVisual
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel$ExitVisualWalls
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel$FadingTraps
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel$FadingTraps$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel$FadingTraps$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonBossLevel$State
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v1_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v1_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/mage/WarpBeacon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.WarpBeacon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.WarpBeacon$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.WarpBeacon$WarpBeaconTracker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/DeadEndLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.DeadEndLevel
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/PoisonDartTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.PoisonDartTrap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.PoisonDartTrap$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.PoisonDartTrap$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/mechanics/Ballistica.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.mechanics.Ballistica
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/StatueRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.StatueRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndSupportPrompt.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSupportPrompt
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSupportPrompt$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSupportPrompt$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Rotberry.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Rotberry
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Rotberry$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/CursingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.CursingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretSummoningRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretSummoningRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/PatchRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.PatchRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndList.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndList
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Sai.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Sai
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/huntress/NaturesPower.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.huntress.NaturesPower
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.huntress.NaturesPower$naturesPowerTracker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/AlarmTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.AlarmTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/CircleArc.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.CircleArc
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/EnergyCrystal.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.EnergyCrystal
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Mimic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mimic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/furniture/Bush.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.furniture.Bush
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/BloodParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.BloodParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.BloodParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.BloodParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/MageArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.MageArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/WarpingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.WarpingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/TalentButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentButton$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentButton$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentButton$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentButton$Mode
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoCell.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoCell
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Goo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Goo
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfLivingEarth.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfLivingEarth
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfLivingEarth$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfLivingEarth$EarthGuardian
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfLivingEarth$EarthGuardian$Wandering
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfLivingEarth$RockArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/WornShortsword.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.WornShortsword
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/MysteryMeat.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.MysteryMeat
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.MysteryMeat$PlaceHolder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Gauntlet.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Gauntlet
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/StewedMeat.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.StewedMeat
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.StewedMeat$oneMeat
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.StewedMeat$threeMeat
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.StewedMeat$twoMeat
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/SegmentedRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.SegmentedRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/RankingsScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.RankingsScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.RankingsScene$Record
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Window.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Window
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Window$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/WallBlockingTilemap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.WallBlockingTilemap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/MetalShard.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.MetalShard
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ShamanSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ShamanSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ShamanSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ShamanSprite$Blue
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ShamanSprite$Purple
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ShamanSprite$Red
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/WaterOfTransmutation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.WaterOfTransmutation
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/painters/HallsPainter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.HallsPainter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/SummonElemental.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.SummonElemental
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.SummonElemental$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.SummonElemental$InvisAlly
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.SummonElemental$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Heap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Heap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Heap$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Heap$Type
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Wayward.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Wayward
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfFrost.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfFrost
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfFrost$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/Actor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.Actor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/DungeonTileSheet.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.DungeonTileSheet
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/Artifact.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.Artifact
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.Artifact$ArtifactBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndStory.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStory
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndStory$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfForce.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfForce
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfForce$Force
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/Ghost.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Ghost
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Ghost$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Ghost$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Ghost$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Ghost$Quest
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/IncendiaryDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.IncendiaryDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Sacrificial.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Sacrificial
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndTabbed.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTabbed
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTabbed$IconTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTabbed$LabeledTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTabbed$Tab
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/GridTileMap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.GridTileMap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/CorrosionTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.CorrosionTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfStamina.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfStamina
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/RainbowParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.RainbowParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.RainbowParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/FloatingText.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.FloatingText
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.FloatingText$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.FloatingText$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/MasterThievesArmband.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.MasterThievesArmband
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.MasterThievesArmband$Thievery
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/StatuesRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.StatuesRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/FrostTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.FrostTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_6_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_6_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/CorrosionParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.CorrosionParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.CorrosionParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.CorrosionParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SeniorSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SeniorSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/SleepDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.SleepDart
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.SleepDart$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndHero.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$BuffsTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$BuffsTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$BuffsTab$BuffSlot
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$StatsTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$StatsTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHero$TalentsTab
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/CavesFissureRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.CavesFissureRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/WaterOfAwareness.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.WaterOfAwareness
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/ShockBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.ShockBomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/FistSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite$Bright
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite$Burning
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite$Dark
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite$Rotting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite$Rusted
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FistSprite$Soiled
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/BlindingDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.BlindingDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/Recycle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Recycle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Recycle$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/MagicalInfusion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.MagicalInfusion
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.MagicalInfusion$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfCorrosiveGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfCorrosiveGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Haste.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Haste
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfRemoveCurse.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfRemoveCurse
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/HandAxe.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.HandAxe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/EternalPixelDungeon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.EternalPixelDungeon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Flail.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Flail
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/BarbecueSet.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.BarbecueSet
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/ShockingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.ShockingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Chilling.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Chilling
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfDivination.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfDivination
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfDivination$WndDivination
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/Multiplicity.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.Multiplicity
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Hex.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Hex
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfShroudingFog.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfShroudingFog
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/KitchenOven.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.KitchenOven
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/HolyDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.HolyDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/builders/FigureEightBuilder.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.builders.FigureEightBuilder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DM100.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM100
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM100$LightningBolt
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/TreasuryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.TreasuryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Repulsion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Repulsion
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/Overgrowth.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.Overgrowth
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Adrenaline.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Adrenaline
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/BadgesList.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BadgesList
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BadgesList$ListItem
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/Flashbang.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Flashbang
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/BlobImmunity.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.BlobImmunity
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/RotGardenRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.RotGardenRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/Baguette.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Baguette
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/WellFed.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.WellFed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfDread.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfDread
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Succubus.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Succubus
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/YogSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.YogSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/TownLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.TownLevel
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/MagicalPorter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.MagicalPorter
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.MagicalPorter$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/ToxicImbue.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ToxicImbue
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/BanditSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.BanditSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/GoldenMimic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.GoldenMimic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/painters/RegularPainter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.RegularPainter
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.RegularPainter$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/FissureRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.FissureRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/EmptyRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.EmptyRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/LarvaSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.LarvaSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/WandEmpower.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.WandEmpower
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndKeyBindings.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$BindingItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$WndChangeBinding
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$WndChangeBinding$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$WndChangeBinding$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndKeyBindings$WndChangeBinding$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/CookingTools.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.CookingTools
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.CookingTools$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfRetribution.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfRetribution
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/KindofMisc.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.KindofMisc
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.KindofMisc$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/PlantsRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.PlantsRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/KingsCrown.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.KingsCrown
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Warlock.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Warlock
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Warlock$DarkBolt
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndJournal.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$AlchemyTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$AlchemyTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$CatalogTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$CatalogTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$CatalogTab$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$CatalogTab$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$CatalogTab$CatalogItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$GuideTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$GuideTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$GuideTab$GuideItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$ListItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJournal$NotesTab
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/InterlevelScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$6
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Mode
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Phase
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/ParalyticGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.ParalyticGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/ImpShopkeeper.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.ImpShopkeeper
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Generator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Generator
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Generator$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Generator$Category
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SpectralNecromancerSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SpectralNecromancerSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/AquaBlast.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.AquaBlast
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.AquaBlast$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/FetidRat.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.FetidRat
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Blob.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Blob
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/fruit/Fruit.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.fruit.Fruit
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfShielding.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfShielding
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/LifeLink.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.LifeLink
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Waterskin.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Waterskin
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/keys/IronKey.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.keys.IronKey
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Eye.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Eye
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Eye$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Eye$DeathGaze
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Eye$Hunting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/SoulMark.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.SoulMark
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Sword.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Sword
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Ooze.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Ooze
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndBlacksmith.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlacksmith
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlacksmith$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlacksmith$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlacksmith$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlacksmith$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlacksmith$ItemButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlacksmith$ItemButton$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ImpSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ImpSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Chill.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Chill
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/Trap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.Trap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/DisarmingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.DisarmingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/FlameParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.FlameParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.FlameParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/LockedFloor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.LockedFloor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/CityLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CityLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CityLevel$Smoke
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CityLevel$Smoke$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CityLevel$SmokeParticle
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretChestChasmRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretChestChasmRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/LostBackpack.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.LostBackpack
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/AcidicSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.AcidicSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Friendly.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Friendly
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/services/updates/Updates.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.services.updates.Updates
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.services.updates.Updates$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.services.updates.Updates$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretWellRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretWellRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Brute.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Brute
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Brute$BruteRage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/SuspiciousChestRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.SuspiciousChestRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/Ring.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.Ring
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.Ring$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.Ring$RingBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/Pickaxe.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.Pickaxe
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.Pickaxe$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.Pickaxe$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bags/VelvetPouch.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.VelvetPouch
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Thorns.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Thorns
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/ElixirOfArcaneArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfArcaneArmor
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfArcaneArmor$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Awareness.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Awareness
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfCorrosion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfCorrosion
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/InventoryStone.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.InventoryStone
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.InventoryStone$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Swap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Swap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Swap$Effect
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/MagicalSight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.MagicalSight
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Polarized.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Polarized
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/TalentIcon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentIcon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretRunestoneRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretRunestoneRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretLaboratoryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretLaboratoryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfIdentify.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfIdentify
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Badges.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Badges
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Badges$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Badges$Badge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/Tomahawk.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.Tomahawk
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/WalkwayRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.WalkwayRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/DivinationBall.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.DivinationBall
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Melon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Melon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/DM300Sprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DM300Sprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DM300Sprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndTradeItem.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTradeItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTradeItem$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTradeItem$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTradeItem$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTradeItem$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTradeItem$5
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/ToxicTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.ToxicTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/sewerboss/SewerBossEntranceRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.SewerBossEntranceRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/sewerboss/ThinPillarsGooRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.ThinPillarsGooRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/PrisonLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.PrisonLevel$Torch
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Recipe.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Recipe
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Recipe$SimpleRecipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/Wandmaker.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Wandmaker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Wandmaker$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Wandmaker$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Wandmaker$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Wandmaker$3$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Wandmaker$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Wandmaker$Quest
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/BlacksmithSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.BlacksmithSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Bleeding.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Bleeding
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoPlant.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoPlant
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/ElixirOfIcyTouch.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfIcyTouch
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfIcyTouch$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/brews/BlizzardBrew.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.BlizzardBrew
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.BlizzardBrew$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/FlockTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.FlockTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/MindVision.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.MindVision
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Light.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Light
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/RingBridgeRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.RingBridgeRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfEnergy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfEnergy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfEnergy$Energy
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/GreenPea.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.GreenPea
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretHoneypotRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretHoneypotRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfLullaby.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfLullaby
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/ShrapnelBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.ShrapnelBomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/PlateArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.PlateArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Sungrass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Sungrass
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Sungrass$Health
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Sungrass$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/mechanics/ShadowCaster.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.mechanics.ShadowCaster
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Leccho.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Leccho
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/NPC.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.NPC
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/Runestone.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.Runestone
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.Runestone$PlaceHolder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/IconButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.IconButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Shaman.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Shaman
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Shaman$BlueShaman
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Shaman$EarthenBolt
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Shaman$PurpleShaman
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Shaman$RedShaman
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/RotHeartSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.RotHeartSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/MagesStaff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.MagesStaff
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.MagesStaff$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.MagesStaff$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.MagesStaff$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.MagesStaff$StaffParticle
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/EyeSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.EyeSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/BlobEmitter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.BlobEmitter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/CorpseDust.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.CorpseDust
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.CorpseDust$DustGhostSpawner
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Elastic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Elastic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfAggression.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfAggression
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfAggression$Aggression
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/ElixirOfToxicEssence.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfToxicEssence
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfToxicEssence$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoTalent.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoTalent
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoTalent$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoTalent$TalentButtonCallback
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Kinetic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Kinetic
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Kinetic$ConservedDamage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/AntiEntropy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.AntiEntropy
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/HallsLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.HallsLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.HallsLevel$FireParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.HallsLevel$Stream
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/SoupOfWonderland.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.SoupOfWonderland
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DemonSpawner.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DemonSpawner
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SuccubusSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SuccubusSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/Corrosion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.Corrosion
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/ChillingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.ChillingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/ClassArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.ClassArmor
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.ClassArmor$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.ClassArmor$Charger
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/NewsScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene$ArticleButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene$NewsInfo
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene$NewsInfo$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene$NewsInfo$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene$WndArticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.NewsScene$WndArticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/ChillingDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.ChillingDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DM200.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM200
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM200$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM200$Hunting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfParalyticGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfParalyticGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfMastery.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfMastery
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfMastery$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfMastery$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/CurrencyIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.CurrencyIndicator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/LotusSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.LotusSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Degradation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Degradation
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Degradation$Speck
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/CirclePitRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.CirclePitRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/SweetPotato.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.SweetPotato
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/KeyDisplay.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.KeyDisplay
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/Stench.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.Stench
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Plant.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Plant
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Plant$Seed
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Plant$Seed$PlaceHolder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/ThrowingSpear.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.ThrowingSpear
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/MagicalSleep.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.MagicalSleep
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/journal/Guidebook.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.journal.Guidebook
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.journal.Guidebook$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.journal.Guidebook$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/PixelScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.PixelScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.PixelScene$Fader
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.PixelScene$PixelCamera
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Vulnerable.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Vulnerable
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/furniture/Bookshelf.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.furniture.Bookshelf
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfDisarming.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfDisarming
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfDisarming$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Paralysis.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Paralysis
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Paralysis$ParalysisResist
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/DirectableAlly.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.DirectableAlly
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.DirectableAlly$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.DirectableAlly$Wandering
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndHardNotification.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHardNotification
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndHardNotification$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/TerrainFeaturesTilemap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.TerrainFeaturesTilemap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.TerrainFeaturesTilemap$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Dread.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Dread
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Stone.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Stone
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/journal/Journal.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Journal
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/features/Sign.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Sign
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Sign$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/FlowParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.FlowParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.FlowParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.FlowParticle$Flow
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ThiefSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ThiefSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/RotDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.RotDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfMagicMapping.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfMagicMapping
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/rogue/SmokeBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.SmokeBomb
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.SmokeBomb$NinjaLog
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.SmokeBomb$NinjaLogSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/TengusMask.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.TengusMask
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Wraith.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Wraith
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/VaultRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.VaultRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/AltarRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.AltarRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/AquariumRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.AquariumRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/Noisemaker.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Noisemaker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Noisemaker$Trigger
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Rat.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Rat
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/DiscardedItemSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DiscardedItemSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Lettuce.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Lettuce
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GuardSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GuardSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfPrismaticLight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfPrismaticLight
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoItem.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoItem
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/features/HighGrass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.HighGrass
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/ThrowingStone.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.ThrowingStone
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/messages/Languages.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.messages.Languages
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.messages.Languages$Status
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/Bomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Bomb
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Bomb$DoubleBomb
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Bomb$EnhanceBomb
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Bomb$Fuse
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfFear.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfFear
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/EtherealChains.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.EtherealChains
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.EtherealChains$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.EtherealChains$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.EtherealChains$2$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.EtherealChains$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.EtherealChains$3$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.EtherealChains$chainsRecharge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/journal/Catalog.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Catalog
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/VegetableFood.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.VegetableFood
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/CorrosiveGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.CorrosiveGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Dungeon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Dungeon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Dungeon$LimitedDrops
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/RaisedTerrainTilemap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.RaisedTerrainTilemap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/ExplosiveTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.ExplosiveTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/RatKingRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.RatKingRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/ArcaneCatalyst.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.ArcaneCatalyst
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.ArcaneCatalyst$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/newBeam.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.newBeam
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/BusyIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BusyIndicator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/CrabSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.CrabSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/rogue/ShadowClone.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.ShadowClone
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.ShadowClone$ShadowAlly
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.ShadowClone$ShadowSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/ShopRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.ShopRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/MissileSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MissileSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/GooBlob.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.GooBlob
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretLarderRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretLarderRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Lightning.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Lightning
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Lightning$Arc
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Unstable.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Unstable
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/RipperDemon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.RipperDemon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.RipperDemon$Hunting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.RipperDemon$Hunting$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Golem.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Golem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Golem$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Golem$Hunting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Golem$Wandering
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Charm.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Charm
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/DemonSpawnerRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.DemonSpawnerRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.DemonSpawnerRoom$CustomFloor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndSadGhost.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSadGhost
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSadGhost$RewardButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSadGhost$RewardButton$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSadGhost$RewardWindow
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSadGhost$RewardWindow$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSadGhost$RewardWindow$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Starflower.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Starflower
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Starflower$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/HeroSubClass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroSubClass
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Ankh.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Ankh
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Icons.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Icons
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Icons$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Elemental.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Elemental
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Elemental$AllyNewBornElemental
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Elemental$ChaosElemental
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Elemental$FireElemental
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Elemental$FrostElemental
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Elemental$NewbornFireElemental
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Elemental$ShockElemental
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/keys/CrystalKey.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.keys.CrystalKey
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/furniture/BigBookshelf.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.furniture.BigBookshelf
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/Room.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.Room
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.Room$Door
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.Room$Door$Type
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfForesight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfForesight
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Mob.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob$AiState
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob$Fleeing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob$Hunting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob$Passive
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob$Sleeping
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Mob$Wandering
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/TelekineticGrab.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.TelekineticGrab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.TelekineticGrab$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SpinnerSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SpinnerSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SpinnerSprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoMob.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoMob
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoMob$MobTitle
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Camouflage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Camouflage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/DamageWand.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.DamageWand
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/TalentsPane.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentsPane
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentsPane$TalentTierPane
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TalentsPane$TalentTierPane$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Thief.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Thief
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Thief$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Thief$Fleeing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Thief$Wandering
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/RockfallTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.RockfallTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/WornDartTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.WornDartTrap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.WornDartTrap$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.WornDartTrap$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/TeleportationTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.TeleportationTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/CellSelector.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.CellSelector
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.CellSelector$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.CellSelector$Listener
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/DungeonTerrainTilemap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.DungeonTerrainTilemap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/PhaseShift.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.PhaseShift
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.PhaseShift$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/HealthBar.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.HealthBar
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/CursedWand.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.CursedWand
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.CursedWand$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.CursedWand$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Dagger.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Dagger
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/CounterBuff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.CounterBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Greatshield.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Greatshield
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Greataxe.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Greataxe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Swarm.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Swarm
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Brimstone.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Brimstone
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Scorpio.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Scorpio
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfStrength.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfStrength
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/WoolParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.WoolParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.WoolParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Degrade.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Degrade
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/ChangeButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.ChangeButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndBag.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBag
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$BagTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$ItemButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$ItemSelector
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$Placeholder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfLightning.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfLightning
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/ShockingDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.ShockingDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/QuickSlot.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.QuickSlot
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfPsionicBlast.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfPsionicBlast
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/Patch.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.Patch
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/TargetHealthIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.TargetHealthIndicator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/painters/PrisonPainter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.PrisonPainter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfPassage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfPassage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/HealthyLeaf.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.HealthyLeaf
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/builders/Builder.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.builders.Builder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/LastShopLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.LastShopLevel
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/TunnelRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.TunnelRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/FishingSpear.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.FishingSpear
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/MinefieldRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.MinefieldRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.MinefieldRoom$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/HeroClass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroClass
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroClass$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/TippedDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.TippedDart
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.TippedDart$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/SewerBossLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.SewerBossLevel
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Skeleton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Skeleton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/ChangeInfo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.ChangeInfo
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/Terrain.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.Terrain
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/Shuriken.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.Shuriken
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Barrier.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Barrier
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfFrost.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfFrost
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Momentum.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Momentum
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/Oven.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.Oven
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Viscosity.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Viscosity
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Viscosity$DeferedDamage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Bestiary.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Bestiary
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/rogue/DeathMark.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.DeathMark
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.DeathMark$DeathMarkTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.rogue.DeathMark$DoubleMarkTracker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/RevealedArea.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.RevealedArea
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/ChallengeParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ChallengeParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ChallengeParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Vegetable.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Vegetable
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretMazeRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretMazeRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Flare.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Flare
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Gold.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Gold
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/MassGraveRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.MassGraveRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.MassGraveRoom$Bones
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Recharging.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Recharging
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GooSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GooSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GooSprite$GooParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GooSprite$GooParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/WarlockSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.WarlockSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.WarlockSprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bags/PotionBandolier.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.PotionBandolier
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/games/BlackJack.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.games.BlackJack
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/ChaliceOfBlood.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.ChaliceOfBlood
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.ChaliceOfBlood$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.ChaliceOfBlood$chaliceRegen
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/ToxicGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.ToxicGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfTenacity.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfTenacity
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfTenacity$Tenacity
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/mage/WildMagic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.WildMagic
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.WildMagic$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.WildMagic$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.WildMagic$WildMagicTracker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Scimitar.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Scimitar
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Statistics.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Statistics
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SimpleButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SimpleButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SimpleButton$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/AlchemicalCatalyst.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.AlchemicalCatalyst
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.AlchemicalCatalyst$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Transmuting.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Transmuting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Transmuting$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Transmuting$Phase
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/RottenFood.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.RottenFood
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/RunicBlade.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.RunicBlade
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfDisintegration.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfDisintegration
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/TargetedSpell.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.TargetedSpell
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.TargetedSpell$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.TargetedSpell$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/HeavyBoomerang.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.HeavyBoomerang
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.HeavyBoomerang$CircleBack
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.HeavyBoomerang$CircleBack$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Rankings.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Rankings
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Rankings$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Rankings$Record
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/CityBossLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CityBossLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CityBossLevel$CustomGroundVisuals
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CityBossLevel$CustomWallVisuals
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Taro.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Taro
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/Alchemize.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$Recipe
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$WndAlchemizeItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$WndAlchemizeItem$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$WndAlchemizeItem$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$WndAlchemizeItem$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$WndAlchemizeItem$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$WndAlchemizeItem$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Alchemize$WndAlchemizeItem$6
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/WeakeningTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.WeakeningTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Invisibility.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Invisibility
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfRage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfRage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/LootIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.LootIndicator
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.LootIndicator$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Roots.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Roots
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndWandmaker.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWandmaker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWandmaker$RewardButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWandmaker$RewardButton$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWandmaker$RewardWindow
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWandmaker$RewardWindow$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndWandmaker$RewardWindow$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndMessage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndMessage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Bones.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Bones
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/MazeConnectionRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.MazeConnectionRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndTownShop.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShop
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShop$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShop$ItemButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShop$WndConfirmBuy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownShop$WndConfirmBuy$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/RitualSiteRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.RitualSiteRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.RitualSiteRoom$RitualMarker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndBadge.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBadge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Bless.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Bless
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfTeleportation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfTeleportation
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoSubclass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoSubclass
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/EarthGuardianSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.EarthGuardianSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfClairvoyance.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfClairvoyance
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Drowsy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Drowsy
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/PlatformRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.PlatformRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/ChangesWindow.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.ChangesWindow
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.ChangesWindow$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/keys/GoldenKey.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.keys.GoldenKey
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Combo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$3$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$3$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$3$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$ComboMove
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$ParryTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$RiposteTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Combo$RiposteTracker$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfStormClouds.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfStormClouds
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/YogDzewa.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogDzewa
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogDzewa$Larva
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogDzewa$YogEye
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogDzewa$YogRipper
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogDzewa$YogScorpio
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/LostInventory.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.LostInventory
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/RatSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.RatSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfShock.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfShock
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/StormTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.StormTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Slow.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Slow
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/ChargrilledMeat.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.ChargrilledMeat
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/RogueArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.RogueArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GolemSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GolemSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GolemSprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Glaive.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Glaive
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/PinCushion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.PinCushion
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/PitfallParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PitfallParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PitfallParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PitfallParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndEnergizeItem.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndEnergizeItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndEnergizeItem$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndEnergizeItem$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndEnergizeItem$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndEnergizeItem$4
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfLevitation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfLevitation
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/brews/ShockingBrew.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.ShockingBrew
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.ShockingBrew$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/GatewayTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GatewayTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfMagicMissile.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfMagicMissile
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfMagicMissile$MagicCharge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Torch.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Torch
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/SewerLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.SewerLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.SewerLevel$Sink
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.SewerLevel$Sink$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.SewerLevel$WaterParticle
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndRanking.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$BadgesTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$ItemButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$ItemsTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$QuickSlotButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$RankingTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$StatsTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$StatsTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$StatsTab$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndRanking$StatsTab$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndChallenges.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChallenges
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChallenges$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_9_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_9_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/drink/Juice.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.drink.Juice
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfPurity.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfPurity
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/ThrowingClub.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.ThrowingClub
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/Scroll.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.Scroll
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.Scroll$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.Scroll$PlaceHolder
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.Scroll$ScrollToStone
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/EPDSettings.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.EPDSettings
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/DisplacingDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.DisplacingDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/BridgeRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.BridgeRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/DungeonWallsTilemap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.DungeonWallsTilemap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/ExoticPotion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.ExoticPotion
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.ExoticPotion$PotionToExotic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/Sheep.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Sheep
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/Spell.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.Spell
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/ChasmRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.ChasmRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/IceBlock.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.IceBlock
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/SurfaceScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene$Avatar
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene$Cloud
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene$GrassPatch
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene$Pet
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SurfaceScene$Sky
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Challenges.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Challenges
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/GameScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.GameScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.GameScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.GameScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.GameScene$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.GameScene$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.GameScene$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.GameScene$6
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/HornOfPlenty.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.HornOfPlenty
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.HornOfPlenty$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.HornOfPlenty$hornRecharge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/ElixirOfAquaticRejuvenation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfAquaticRejuvenation
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfAquaticRejuvenation$AquaHealing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfAquaticRejuvenation$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndImp.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndImp
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndImp$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/PylonSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.PylonSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Flow.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Flow
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/changelist/v01X.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.changelist.v01X
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Vampiric.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Vampiric
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Displacing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Displacing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/ChangesScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.ChangesScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.ChangesScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.ChangesScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.ChangesScene$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Electricity.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Electricity
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/WellWater.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.WellWater
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/utils/GLog.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.utils.GLog
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ExoticScroll.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ExoticScroll
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ExoticScroll$ScrollToExotic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/ShieldBuff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ShieldBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/Kitchen.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.Kitchen
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/Imp.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Imp
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Imp$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Imp$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Imp$Quest
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Bee.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Bee
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/journal/AlchemyPage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.journal.AlchemyPage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Inferno.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Inferno
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Ghoul.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Ghoul
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Ghoul$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Ghoul$GhoulLifeLink
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Ghoul$Sleeping
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Ghoul$Wandering
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Buff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Buff
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Buff$buffType
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Firebloom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Firebloom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Firebloom$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/DriedRose.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$GhostHero
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$GhostHero$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$Petal
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$WndGhostHero
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$WndGhostHero$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$WndGhostHero$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$WndGhostHero$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$WndGhostHero$2$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.DriedRose$roseRecharge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfCorruption.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfCorruption
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/CharSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite$JumpTweener
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite$State
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Pushing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Pushing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Pushing$Effect
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GreatCrabSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GreatCrabSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Annoying.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Annoying
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/RegrowthBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.RegrowthBomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/GnollTrickster.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.GnollTrickster
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/CryptRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.CryptRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/HealingDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.HealingDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/journal/Document.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Document
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndJob.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJob
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJob$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJob$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndJob$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/GuardianTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GuardianTrap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GuardianTrap$Guardian
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GuardianTrap$GuardianSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Sleep.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Sleep
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfMindVision.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfMindVision
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndChooseSubclass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseSubclass
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseSubclass$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseSubclass$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseSubclass$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseSubclass$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/Ratmogrify.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.Ratmogrify
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.Ratmogrify$TransmogRat
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Frost.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Frost
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Sp.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Sp
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Fadeleaf.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Fadeleaf
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Fadeleaf$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/RingRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.RingRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/StartScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.StartScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.StartScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.StartScene$SaveSlotButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/painters/CavesPainter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.CavesPainter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/PitRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.PitRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Healing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Healing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/GardenRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.GardenRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/BlacksmithRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.BlacksmithRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/WndTextInput.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.WndTextInput
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.WndTextInput$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.WndTextInput$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.WndTextInput$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/StudyRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.StudyRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndOptions.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndOptions
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndOptions$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndOptions$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/KindOfWeapon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.KindOfWeapon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/RotLasherSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.RotLasherSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfDebugging.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfDebugging
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfDebugging$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/WelcomeScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.WelcomeScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.WelcomeScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.WelcomeScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.WelcomeScene$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/DM201Sprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DM201Sprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DM201Sprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/ScaleArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.ScaleArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Albino.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Albino
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/ThrowingHammer.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.ThrowingHammer
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DM201.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM201
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfSharpshooting.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfSharpshooting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfSharpshooting$Aim
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/PoisonDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.PoisonDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Blazing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Blazing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Amok.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Amok
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GnollTricksterSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GnollTricksterSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GnollTricksterSprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Doom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Doom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/Displacement.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.Displacement
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/DarkBlock.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.DarkBlock
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/ArmoryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.ArmoryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/CausticSlime.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.CausticSlime
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Shortsword.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Shortsword
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Beam.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Beam
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Beam$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Beam$DeathRay
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Beam$HealthRay
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Beam$LightRay
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/Talent.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$BountyHunterTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$CachedRationsDropped
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$EmpoweredStrikeTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$FollowupStrikeTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$ImprovisedProjectileCooldown
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$LethalMomentumTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$NatureBerriesAvailable
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$RejuvenatingStepsCooldown
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$RejuvenatingStepsFurrow
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$SeerShotCooldown
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$SpiritBladesTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$StrikingWaveTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$SuckerPunchTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$WandPreservationCounter
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Talent$WarriorFoodImmunity
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Obfuscation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Obfuscation
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/ArcaneBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.ArcaneBomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Regrowth.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Regrowth
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/CustomTilemap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.CustomTilemap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.CustomTilemap$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Potato.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Potato
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/FogOfWar.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.FogOfWar
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfLiquidFlame.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfLiquidFlame
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/SmokeParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SmokeParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SmokeParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SmokeParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/SegmentedLibraryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.SegmentedLibraryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bags/MagicalHolster.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.MagicalHolster
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/SpecialRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.SpecialRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfAccuracy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfAccuracy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfAccuracy$Accuracy
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Blocking.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Blocking
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Blocking$BlockBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/RingTunnelRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.RingTunnelRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/LastLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.LastLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.LastLevel$CenterPieceVisuals
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.LastLevel$CenterPieceWalls
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.LastLevel$CustomFloor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Honeypot.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Honeypot
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Honeypot$ShatteredPot
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Blindness.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Blindness
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/EarthParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.EarthParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.EarthParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.EarthParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Thirsty.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Thirsty
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/BeeSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.BeeSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Tag.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Tag
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/TenguSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.TenguSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.TenguSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.TenguSprite$TenguShuriken
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/AttackIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.AttackIndicator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/TrapsRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.TrapsRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/RoundShield.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.RoundShield
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/LeafParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.LeafParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.LeafParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.LeafParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Dirk.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Dirk
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/TargetedCell.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.TargetedCell
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/sewerboss/DiamondGooRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.DiamondGooRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/Pasty.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Pasty
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Pasty$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Pasty$Holiday
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/huntress/SpiritHawk.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.huntress.SpiritHawk
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.huntress.SpiritHawk$HawkAlly
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.huntress.SpiritHawk$HawkSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Dewdrop.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Dewdrop
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/Javelin.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.Javelin
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/IconTitle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.IconTitle
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/FrostBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.FrostBomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/MirrorImage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.MirrorImage
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.MirrorImage$MirrorInvis
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfMetamorphosis.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfMetamorphosis
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfMetamorphosis$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfMetamorphosis$WndMetamorphChoose
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfMetamorphosis$WndMetamorphReplace
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Surprise.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Surprise
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/YogFist.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$BrightFist
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$BrightFist$LightBeam
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$BurningFist
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$DarkFist
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$DarkFist$DarkBolt
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$RottingFist
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$RustedFist
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.YogFist$SoiledFist
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Whip.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Whip
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Ripple.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Ripple
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/CavesLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesLevel$Sparkle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesLevel$Vein
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/ShadowBox.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.ShadowBox
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/utils/BArray.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.utils.BArray
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Gnoll.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Gnoll
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/Bulk.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.Bulk
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Blizzard.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Blizzard
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bags/Bag.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.Bag
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.Bag$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.Bag$ItemIterator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/Char.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.Char
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.Char$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.Char$Alignment
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.Char$Property
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/features/Chasm.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Chasm
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Chasm$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Chasm$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Chasm$FallBleed
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Chasm$Falling
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GnollSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GnollSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfTransmutation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfTransmutation
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/ExitButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ExitButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/GrippingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GrippingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Lucky.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Lucky
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Lucky$LuckProc
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/utils/DungeonSeed.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.utils.DungeonSeed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/DangerIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.DangerIndicator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/SewerPipeRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.SewerPipeRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/SupporterScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SupporterScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SupporterScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.SupporterScene$SupporterMessage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SnakeSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SnakeSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/Level.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.Level
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.Level$Feeling
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.Level$Respawner
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/painters/Painter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.Painter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/Bolas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.Bolas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/TimekeepersHourglass.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TimekeepersHourglass
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TimekeepersHourglass$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TimekeepersHourglass$hourglassRecharge
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TimekeepersHourglass$sandBag
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TimekeepersHourglass$timeFreeze
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TimekeepersHourglass$timeStasis
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfEnchantment.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfEnchantment
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Swiftness.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Swiftness
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/Armor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.Armor
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.Armor$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.Armor$Augment
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.Armor$Glyph
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfBlastWave.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfBlastWave
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfBlastWave$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfBlastWave$BlastWave
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/BlastParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.BlastParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.BlastParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/NecromancerSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.NecromancerSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfIntuition.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfIntuition
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfIntuition$IntuitionUseTracker
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfIntuition$WndGuess
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfIntuition$WndGuess$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfIntuition$WndGuess$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/MagicMissile.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$EarthParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$EarthParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$EarthParticle$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$EarthParticle$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$ForceParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$ForceParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$MagicParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$MagicParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$MagicParticle$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$ShamanParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$ShamanParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$ShamanParticle$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$ShamanParticle$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$SlowParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$SlowParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$WardParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$WardParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$WardParticle$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$WhiteParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.MagicMissile$WhiteParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SwarmSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SwarmSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/CellBlockRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.CellBlockRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/brews/InfernalBrew.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.InfernalBrew
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.InfernalBrew$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Item.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Item
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Item$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Item$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Item$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Item$4
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/RuinsRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.RuinsRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/ScrollEmpower.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.ScrollEmpower
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/ForceCube.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.ForceCube
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/SacrificialParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SacrificialParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.SacrificialParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/Belongings.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Belongings
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Belongings$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Belongings$Backpack
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Belongings$ItemIterator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Blooming.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Blooming
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SpawnerSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SpawnerSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/DistortionTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.DistortionTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/FlavourBuff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.FlavourBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/FeatherFall.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.FeatherFall
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.FeatherFall$FeatherBuff
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.FeatherFall$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfHaste.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfHaste
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfHaste$Haste
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Enchanting.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Enchanting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Enchanting$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Enchanting$Phase
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/StenchGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.StenchGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndError.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndError
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/BrokenSeal.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.BrokenSeal
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.BrokenSeal$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.BrokenSeal$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.BrokenSeal$WarriorShield
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/CaveRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.CaveRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/MailArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.MailArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Necromancer.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Necromancer
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Necromancer$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Necromancer$Hunting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Necromancer$NecroSkeleton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Necromancer$NecroSkeleton$NecroSkeletonSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Spinner.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Spinner
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Spinner$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Spinner$Fleeing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/MagicWellRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.MagicWellRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/ElixirOfMight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfMight
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfMight$HTBoost
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfMight$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/Elixir.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.Elixir
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Wishing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Wishing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Wishing$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndBlackJack.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlackJack
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlackJack$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlackJack$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlackJack$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlackJack$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlackJack$CardBack
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndBlackJack$CardFront
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/ClothArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.ClothArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/TorchHalo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.TorchHalo
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Tengu.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$BombAbility
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$BombAbility$BombItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$FireAbility
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$FireAbility$FireBlob
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$Hunting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$ShockerAbility
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$ShockerAbility$ShockerBlob
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Tengu$ShockerAbility$ShockerItem
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfRecharging.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfRecharging
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SkeletonSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SkeletonSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Weight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Weight
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/Squash.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.Squash
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/AntiMagic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.AntiMagic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Mace.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Mace
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/BurningTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.BurningTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/BlazingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.BlazingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/builders/LoopBuilder.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.builders.LoopBuilder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfMirrorImage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfMirrorImage
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfMirrorImage$DelayedImageSpawner
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Speck.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Speck
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Speck$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/TenguDartTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.TenguDartTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/DwarfToken.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.DwarfToken
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/Noodles.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Noodles
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ItemSpriteSheet.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ItemSpriteSheet
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ItemSpriteSheet$Icons
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Entanglement.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Entanglement
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/IntroScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.IntroScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.IntroScene$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/HuntressArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.HuntressArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/sewerboss/SewerBossExitRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.SewerBossExitRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.SewerBossExitRoom$SewerExit
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.SewerBossExitRoom$SewerExitOverhang
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_7_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_7_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/AmuletScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AmuletScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AmuletScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AmuletScene$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/Sink.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.Sink
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/ActionIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ActionIndicator
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ActionIndicator$Action
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/Amulet.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Amulet
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Amulet$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.Amulet$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/StormCloud.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.StormCloud
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/PoolRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.PoolRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfTerror.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfTerror
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Alchemy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Alchemy
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndTownIdentify.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownIdentify
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownIdentify$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownIdentify$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownIdentify$2$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/UnstableSpellbook.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.UnstableSpellbook
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.UnstableSpellbook$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.UnstableSpellbook$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.UnstableSpellbook$ExploitHandler
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.UnstableSpellbook$ExploitHandler$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.UnstableSpellbook$bookRecharge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/Trident.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.Trident
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfSnapFreeze.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfSnapFreeze
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/ExitRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.ExitRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/BadgesGrid.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BadgesGrid
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.BadgesGrid$BadgeButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Swiftthistle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Swiftthistle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Swiftthistle$Seed
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Swiftthistle$TimeBubble
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/GhoulSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.GhoulSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/services/news/News.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.services.news.News
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.services.news.News$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/MimicSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MimicSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MimicSprite$Crystal
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MimicSprite$Golden
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Grim.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Grim
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Identification.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Identification
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Identification$Speck
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/DM200Sprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DM200Sprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DM200Sprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/RunestoneRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.RunestoneRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/Embers.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.Embers
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfWarding.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfWarding
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfWarding$Ward
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfWarding$Ward$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfWarding$Ward$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Blindweed.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Blindweed
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Blindweed$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Preparation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Preparation
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Preparation$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Preparation$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Preparation$AttackLevel
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/CeremonialCandle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.CeremonialCandle
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/ResumeIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.ResumeIndicator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Hunger.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Hunger
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/ImpShopRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.ImpShopRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Vertigo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Vertigo
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Splash.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Splash
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Splash$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Splash$SplashFactory
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Effects.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Effects
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Effects$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Effects$Type
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_3_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_3_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Corrupting.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Corrupting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/ElmoParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ElmoParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ElmoParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/AlchemistsToolkit.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.AlchemistsToolkit
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.AlchemistsToolkit$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.AlchemistsToolkit$kitEnergy
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/HallsBossLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.HallsBossLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.HallsBossLevel$CenterPieceVisuals
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.HallsBossLevel$CenterPieceWalls
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Foresight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Foresight
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Spear.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Spear
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/Wand.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.Wand
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.Wand$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.Wand$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.Wand$1$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.Wand$Charger
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.Wand$PlaceHolder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/ItemStatusHandler.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.ItemStatusHandler
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/Corpse.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Corpse
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Chrome.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Chrome
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Chrome$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Chrome$Type
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfFuror.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfFuror
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfFuror$Furor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/GreatCrab.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.GreatCrab
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/journal/DocumentPage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.journal.DocumentPage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/ArcaneResin.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.ArcaneResin
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.ArcaneResin$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.ArcaneResin$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Weakness.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Weakness
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Poison.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Poison
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfDivineInspiration.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDivineInspiration
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDivineInspiration$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfDivineInspiration$DivineInspirationTracker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/CapeOfThorns.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.CapeOfThorns
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.CapeOfThorns$Thorns
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfMagicalSight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfMagicalSight
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/ShadowParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ShadowParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ShadowParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ShadowParticle$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ShadowParticle$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretLibraryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretLibraryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/painters/CityPainter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.CityPainter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Dreamfoil.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Dreamfoil
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Dreamfoil$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_4_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_4_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/DM100Sprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.DM100Sprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/GooWarn.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.GooWarn
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Fury.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Fury
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/PoisonParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PoisonParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PoisonParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.PoisonParticle$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/RotHeart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.RotHeart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/LibraryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.LibraryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/QuickSlotButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickSlotButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickSlotButton$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickSlotButton$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/FlashingTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.FlashingTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/HolyBomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.HolyBomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Piranha.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Piranha
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Piranha$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Piranha$Hunting
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Piranha$Sleeping
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Piranha$Wandering
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_2_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_2_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/ElixirOfHoneyedHealing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfHoneyedHealing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfHoneyedHealing$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/sewerboss/ThickPillarsGooRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.ThickPillarsGooRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/HeroSelectScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene$4$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.HeroSelectScene$HeroBtn
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretGardenRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretGardenRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/TownGamer.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.TownGamer
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.TownGamer$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.TownGamer$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Corruption.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Corruption
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ScorpioSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ScorpioSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ScorpioSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ScorpioSprite$ScorpioShot
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/MerchantsBeacon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.MerchantsBeacon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Exhausting.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Exhausting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfFireblast.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfFireblast
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/CheckedCell.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.CheckedCell
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfSirensSong.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfSirensSong
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfSirensSong$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfSirensSong$Enthralled
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/HeroSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.HeroSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.HeroSprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfEvasion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfEvasion
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfEvasion$Evasion
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/RedButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.RedButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/glyphs/Affection.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.glyphs.Affection
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/WardSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.WardSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.WardSprite$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfAntiMagic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfAntiMagic
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/builders/LineBuilder.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.builders.LineBuilder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/BurnedRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.BurnedRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Freezing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Freezing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/OozeTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.OozeTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Toolbar.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$6
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$Mode
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$PickedUpItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$QuickslotTool
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toolbar$Tool
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/TownShopkeeper.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.TownShopkeeper
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.TownShopkeeper$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/mechanics/ConeAOE.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.mechanics.ConeAOE
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/CloakOfShadows.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.CloakOfShadows
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.CloakOfShadows$cloakRecharge
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.CloakOfShadows$cloakStealth
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/CrystalMimic.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.CrystalMimic
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.CrystalMimic$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.CrystalMimic$Fleeing
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/builders/BranchesBuilder.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.builders.BranchesBuilder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DM300.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM300
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DM300$FallingRockBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/WeakFloorRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.WeakFloorRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.WeakFloorRoom$HiddenWell
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfExperience.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfExperience
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_1_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_1_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/elixirs/ElixirOfDragonsBlood.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfDragonsBlood
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.elixirs.ElixirOfDragonsBlood$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Earthroot.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Earthroot
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Earthroot$Armor
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Earthroot$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfCleansing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfCleansing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfCleansing$Cleanse
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bombs/Firebomb.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bombs.Firebomb
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/ShaftParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ShaftParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.ShaftParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoBuff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Crab.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Crab
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/AdrenalineDart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.AdrenalineDart
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/drink/Drink.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.drink.Drink
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.drink.Drink$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.drink.Drink$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/PortableCookingTool.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.PortableCookingTool
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/TitleScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$ChangesButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$ChangesButton$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$NewsButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$SettingsButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.TitleScene$SupportButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Crossbow.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Crossbow
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/exotic/PotionOfEarthenArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.exotic.PotionOfEarthenArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/SlimeSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.SlimeSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Bat.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Bat
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/FoodMaker.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.FoodMaker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/StatusPane.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.StatusPane
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.StatusPane$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.StatusPane$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.StatusPane$JournalButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.StatusPane$MenuButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfMight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfMight
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfMight$Might
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/SnipersMark.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.SnipersMark
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/Hero.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Hero
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Hero$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Hero$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Hero$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Hero$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Hero$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.Hero$Doom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfMysticalEnergy.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfMysticalEnergy
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/special/LaboratoryRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.special.LaboratoryRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/StyledButton.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.StyledButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/RegularLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.RegularLevel
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Pylon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Pylon
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndTownBoard.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownBoard
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownBoard$JobButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndTownBoard$JobButton$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/GrassyGraveRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.GrassyGraveRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/SPDchangelist/v0_5_X_Changes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.SPDchangelist.v0_5_X_Changes
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/features/Door.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.features.Door
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/Berry.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Berry
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Berry$SeedCounter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/DwarfKing.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing$DKBarrior
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing$DKGhoul
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing$DKGolem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing$DKMonk
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing$DKWarlock
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing$KingDamager
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.DwarfKing$Summoning
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/PrismaticSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.PrismaticSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/PitfallTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.PitfallTrap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.PitfallTrap$DelayedPit
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/Fireball.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Fireball
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Fireball$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.Fireball$Flame
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/Blandfruit.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Blandfruit
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Blandfruit$Chunks
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.Blandfruit$CookFruit
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndUseItem.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndUseItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndUseItem$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/furniture/WoodenTable.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.furniture.WoodenTable
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/MobSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MobSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MobSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MobSprite$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/tiles/DungeonTilemap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.DungeonTilemap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.tiles.DungeonTilemap$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Burning.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Burning
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/GameLog.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.GameLog
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.GameLog$Entry
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfAugmentation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfAugmentation
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfAugmentation$WndAugment
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfAugmentation$WndAugment$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfAugmentation$WndAugment$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfAugmentation$WndAugment$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/AlchemyScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$3$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$CombineButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$CombineButton$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$InputButton
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$InputButton$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$OutputSlot
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AlchemyScene$OutputSlot$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/bags/ScrollHolder.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.bags.ScrollHolder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Archs.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Archs
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Archs$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Archs$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/SummoningTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.SummoningTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/StandardRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.StandardRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.StandardRoom$SizeCategory
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/quest/DarkGold.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.quest.DarkGold
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/ArmoredBrute.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.ArmoredBrute
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.ArmoredBrute$ArmoredRage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Guard.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Guard
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Guard$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Guard$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Guard$Hunting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/wands/WandOfRegrowth.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfRegrowth
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfRegrowth$Dewcatcher
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfRegrowth$Dewcatcher$Seed
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfRegrowth$Lotus
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfRegrowth$Seedpod
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.wands.WandOfRegrowth$Seedpod$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/FetidRatSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.FetidRatSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/ThrowingKnife.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.ThrowingKnife
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/ShieldHalo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.ShieldHalo
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/artifacts/TalismanOfForesight.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TalismanOfForesight
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TalismanOfForesight$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TalismanOfForesight$CharAwareness
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TalismanOfForesight$Foresight
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.artifacts.TalismanOfForesight$HeapAwareness
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Levitation.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Levitation
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/ArmoredStatue.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.ArmoredStatue
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/MagicImmune.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.MagicImmune
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/WandmakerSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.WandmakerSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/journal/GuidePage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.journal.GuidePage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndInfoArmorAbility.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndInfoArmorAbility
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/SpectralNecromancer.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.SpectralNecromancer
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/BlandfruitBush.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.BlandfruitBush
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.BlandfruitBush$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/WarriorArmor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.WarriorArmor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/AboutScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AboutScene
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AboutScene$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AboutScene$CreditsBlock
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.AboutScene$CreditsBlock$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/Blacksmith.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Blacksmith
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Blacksmith$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Blacksmith$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Blacksmith$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Blacksmith$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Blacksmith$Quest
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/ScrollOfUpgrade.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.ScrollOfUpgrade
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/Kunai.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.Kunai
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Banner.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Banner
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Banner$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Banner$State
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfBlast.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfBlast
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Stamina.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Stamina
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/FoodProcessor.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.FoodProcessor
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/secret/SecretHoardRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.secret.SecretHoardRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/InventoryScroll.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.InventoryScroll
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.InventoryScroll$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.InventoryScroll$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/painters/SewerPainter.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.painters.SewerPainter
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/RenderedTextBlock.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.RenderedTextBlock
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/QuickRecipe.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickRecipe
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickRecipe$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickRecipe$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickRecipe$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickRecipe$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.QuickRecipe$arrow
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/OptionSlider.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.OptionSlider
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.OptionSlider$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/MonkSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MonkSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/GrimTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GrimTrap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GrimTrap$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GrimTrap$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/AdrenalineSurge.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.AdrenalineSurge
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndGameInProgress.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGameInProgress
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGameInProgress$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGameInProgress$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGameInProgress$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGameInProgress$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGameInProgress$4$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/AssassinsBlade.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.AssassinsBlade
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/RotLasher.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.RotLasher
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.RotLasher$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.RotLasher$Waiting
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/ConfusionGas.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.ConfusionGas
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/CharHealthIndicator.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.CharHealthIndicator
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndCombo.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndCombo
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndCombo$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndCombo$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/connection/PerimeterRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.connection.PerimeterRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/NewbornElementalSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.NewbornElementalSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/rings/RingOfElements.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfElements
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.rings.RingOfElements$Resistance
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/WebParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.WebParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.WebParticle$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfChallenge.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfChallenge
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfChallenge$ChallengeArena
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/BannerSprites.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.BannerSprites
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.BannerSprites$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.BannerSprites$Type
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/sewerboss/WalledGooRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.WalledGooRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/AllyBuff.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.AllyBuff
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/curses/Fragile.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.curses.Fragile
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/SpellSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.SpellSprite
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.SpellSprite$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.SpellSprite$Phase
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/FlourFood.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.FlourFood
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/ShieldedSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.ShieldedSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/brews/Brew.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.Brew
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/mage/ElementalBlast.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.ElementalBlast
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.mage.ElementalBlast$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/HeroAction.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Alchemy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Ascend
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Attack
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Buy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Descend
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Interact
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$InteractItem
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Move
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$OpenChest
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$PickUp
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroAction$Unlock
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/traps/GeyserTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.traps.GeyserTrap
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/Potion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.Potion
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.Potion$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.Potion$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.Potion$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.Potion$PlaceHolder
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.Potion$SeedToPotion
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.Potion$SeedToPotion$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/Shopkeeper.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Shopkeeper
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Shopkeeper$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.Shopkeeper$2
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/brews/CausticBrew.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.CausticBrew
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.brews.CausticBrew$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/MissileWeapon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.MissileWeapon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.MissileWeapon$PlaceHolder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Fire.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Fire
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/MeleeWeapon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.MeleeWeapon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.MeleeWeapon$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Cripple.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Cripple
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndSettings.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$6
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$7
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$AudioTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$AudioTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$AudioTab$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$AudioTab$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$AudioTab$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$AudioTab$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DataTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DataTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DataTab$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DataTab$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DataTab$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab$3$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$DisplayTab$6
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$LangsTab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$LangsTab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$LangsTab$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$LangsTab$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$6
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$6$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndSettings$UITab$7
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndGame.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGame
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGame$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGame$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGame$3
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGame$4
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGame$5
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndGame$6
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndChooseAbility.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseAbility
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseAbility$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseAbility$1$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseAbility$2
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndChooseAbility$3
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfDeepSleep.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfDeepSleep
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/npcs/PrismaticImage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.PrismaticImage
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.PrismaticImage$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.npcs.PrismaticImage$Wandering
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/CurseInfusion.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.CurseInfusion
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.CurseInfusion$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/armor/curses/Metabolism.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.armor.curses.Metabolism
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndQuickBag.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndQuickBag
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndQuickBag$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndQuickBag$QuickItemButton
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/potions/PotionOfHaste.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.potions.PotionOfHaste
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/particles/WindParticle.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.WindParticle
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.WindParticle$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.particles.WindParticle$Wind
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/cookingtools/Campfire.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.cookingtools.Campfire
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/EntranceRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.EntranceRoom
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/journal/Notes.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Notes
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Notes$KeyRecord
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Notes$Landmark
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Notes$LandmarkRecord
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.journal.Notes$Record
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/missiles/darts/Dart.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.Dart
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.Dart$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.missiles.darts.Dart$1$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/blobs/Foliage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.blobs.Foliage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/mobs/Monk.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Monk
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Monk$Focus
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/plants/Icecap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Icecap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.plants.Icecap$Seed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/sewerboss/GooBossRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.GooBossRoom
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.sewerboss.GooBossRoom$GooNest
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/BattleAxe.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.BattleAxe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/Assets.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Effects
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Environment
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Fonts
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Interfaces
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Map
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Messages
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Music
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Sounds
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Splashes
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.Assets$Sprites
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/scenes/BadgesScene.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.scenes.BadgesScene
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/spells/ReclaimTrap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.ReclaimTrap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.spells.ReclaimTrap$Recipe
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/enchantments/Shocking.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.enchantments.Shocking
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/CavesBossLevel.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesBossLevel
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesBossLevel$ArenaVisuals
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesBossLevel$CityEntrance
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesBossLevel$EntranceOverhang
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesBossLevel$PylonEnergy
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.CavesBossLevel$PylonEnergy$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/PiranhaSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.PiranhaSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/effects/BadgeBanner.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.BadgeBanner
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.BadgeBanner$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.effects.BadgeBanner$State
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/warrior/HeroicLeap.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.warrior.HeroicLeap
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.warrior.HeroicLeap$1
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.warrior.HeroicLeap$DoubleJumpTracker
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/keys/SkeletonKey.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.keys.SkeletonKey
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.keys.SkeletonKey$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/builders/RegularBuilder.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.builders.RegularBuilder
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/food/vegetables/EdibleWildPlant.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.food.vegetables.EdibleWildPlant
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/Weapon.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.Weapon
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.Weapon$Augment
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.Weapon$Enchantment
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/windows/WndQuest.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.windows.WndQuest
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/hero/abilities/warrior/Shockwave.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.warrior.Shockwave
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.hero.abilities.warrior.Shockwave$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/weapon/melee/Greatsword.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.weapon.melee.Greatsword
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/scrolls/exotic/ScrollOfPrismaticImage.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.scrolls.exotic.ScrollOfPrismaticImage
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/ui/Toast.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toast
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.ui.Toast$1
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/actors/buffs/Speed.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.actors.buffs.Speed
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/items/stones/StoneOfBlink.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.items.stones.StoneOfBlink
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/RipperSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.RipperSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/sprites/MirrorSprite.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.sprites.MirrorSprite
com/eternalpixel/eternalpixeldungeon/levels/rooms/standard/SkullsRoom.java
 com.eternalpixel.eternalpixeldungeon.levels.rooms.standard.SkullsRoom
